feature: update Qiskit examples + simple compilation example (#803)
aws/amazon-braket-examples: docs/_NOTEBOOKS.md

  This tutorial shows how we can use the qiskit-braket-provider to run dynamic circuits on IQM using the Amazon Braket service. 

-  [**Compiling Braket circuits with the Qiskit-Braket provider**](examples/qiskit/1_Compilation_with_the_Qiskit_Braket_provider.ipynb) [(CBQBP)](#index_CBQBP)<a name="CBQBP"></a>

>   This tutorial shows how to compile Braket circuits using the to_braket Qiskit-Braket provider, allowing for native gate compilation.

Reviewer: See above.

>   This tutorial shows how to compile Braket circuits using the to_braket Qiskit-Braket provider, allowing for native gate compilation.

Author: ```suggestion
  This tutorial shows how to compile Braket circuits using the to_braket Qiskit-Braket provider, allowing for circuit compilation.
```
